feat(react-chart): rotated chart (#2089)
DevExpress/devextreme-reactive: packages/dx-react-chart/docs/reference/bar-series.md

Field | Type | Description
------|------|------------

> arg | number | The bar's translated argument (the bar's center).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
arg | number | The bar's argument; corresponds to the bar's center.
```

> val | number | The bar's translated value (the bar's top).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
val | number | The bar's value; corresponds to the bar's top.
```

> startVal | number | The bar's translated start value (the bar's bottom).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
startVal | number | The bar's start value; corresponds to the bar's bottom.
```

barWidth | number | The bar's width in relative units.
maxBarWidth | number | The maximum width that the bar can occupy, measured in pixels.
value | number | The bar's value.
color | string | A series color.
index | number | Point index.

> rotated | boolean | Shows if chart is rotated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rotated | boolean | `true` if the chart is rotated.
```
